docs(refactor): proofread tutorials MTA-1687 (#397)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/sinatra/index.mdx

  h1: Getting Started with Sinatra
  paragraph: Discover how to install Sinatra for writing web applications.
tags: ansible Sinatra web-application Ruby RubyGems
categories:
  - compute
dates:
  validation: 2022-02-09
  posted: 2018-08-17
---

## Sinatra Overview

Sinatra is a lightweight domain-specific programming language and web application library that is used for writing web applications. It provides a faster and simpler alternative to Ruby frameworks such as Ruby on Rails. Sinatra is written in [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) and the code for Sinatra applications will be written in Ruby too. Sinatra routes browser requests to code that can handle those requests. Then it will render templates back to the browser as a response. For more information on Sinatra, refer to the [official documentation](http://sinatrarb.com/documentation.html)

> In order to use Sinatra, we are going to need three pieces of software installed: Ruby, RubyGems, and Sinatra. Sinatra depends on having Ruby and RubyGems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use Sinatra, we need to install three pieces of software: Ruby, RubyGems, and Sinatra. Sinatra depends on Ruby and RubyGems.
```
